<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd" [
]>
<refentry>
  <refentryinfo>
    <author>
      <firstname>Raphaël</firstname>
      <surname>Pinson</surname>
      <email>raphink@ubuntu.com</email>
    </author>
    <author>
      <firstname>Jeremy</firstname>
      <surname>Erickson</surname>
      <email>jerickson314@users.sourceforge.net</email>
    </author>
    <copyright>
      <year>2007</year>
      <holder>Raphaël Pinson</holder>
    </copyright>
    <copyright>
      <year>2008</year>
      <holder>Jeremy Erickson</holder>
    </copyright>
    <!-- XXX IMPORTANT XXX -->
    <!-- Keep this date up to date: -->
    <date>2008-12-25</date>
    <!--  ^^^^^^^^^^ -->
  </refentryinfo>
  <refmeta>
    <refentrytitle>biblememorizer</refentrytitle>
    <manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
  </refmeta>
  <refnamediv>
    <refname>biblememorizer</refname>
    <refpurpose> Bible memorizer program</refpurpose>
  </refnamediv>
  <refsynopsisdiv>
    <cmdsynopsis>
      <command>biblememorizer</command>
    </cmdsynopsis>
  </refsynopsisdiv>
  <refsect1>
    <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
    <para>
 BibleMemorizer is a program to help with memorizing Scripture. It allows you
 to create files with lists of verses you want to memorize, including the text
 of the verse and any categories you create.  You can also be quizzed over your
 verses.
 </para>
 <para>
 BibleMemorizer uses plugins to import texts, including a plugin to use the
 Sword API. Texts are then imported from the Sword Bible modules installed on
 your system.
    </para>
 <para>
 Although BibleMemorizer doesn't take --help, it does take the standard options
 for the version of Qt against which it was built.
 </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>COPYRIGHT</title>
    <para>
      This manual page was written by Raphaël Pinson
      &lt;<email>raphink@ubuntu.com</email>&gt; for the
      <productname>Debian</productname> system (but may be used by others).
      Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
      under the terms of the <acronym>GNU</acronym> General Public License,
      Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
    </para>
    <para>
      This page was updated by Jeremy Erickson 
      &lt;<email>jerickson314@users.sourceforge.net</email>&gt;.  Permission is
      granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this document under the terms
      of the <acronym>GNU</acronym> General Public License, Version 2 or any
      later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
    </para>
    <para>
      On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public
      License can be found in
      <filename>/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL</filename>.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
</refentry>

